README.md, before:

# NOTICE

All the templating, layouts and code related to Hugo are licensed under the following conditions. See below for exceptions.

    Copyright 2018 Sebastian Lau

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

A [copy](./LICENSE) of the Apache License 2.0 is provided with this repository.

The _current version_ of the Sam theme is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license](https://github.com/vickylai/hugo-theme-sam/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).
<!-- The Sam theme is licensed under the Apache License (presumably 2.0) and is the work of Victoria Drake who __is in no way associated with__ this repository. -->

All post content and all media files, including but not limited to documents, images, sound files and video files, are &copy; 2018 Sebastian Lau.

Those used under license or fair use are the property of their respective authors.

You may __view__ the contents of this repository but may __not reuse__ them.

The `sebastianlau` folder is licensed under its own terms; see the folder for details.

Commit message:

miscellaneous updates, stages, and changes
- update .gitignore to ignore _archive and resources/_gen, and specific .vscode files
- update README to reflect updated licensing
- add basic vscode tasks
- update post archetype with editdate parameter, add `coffee`, `hobbies`, and `video-games` tags
- add description to archive index
- add scaffolding for search and tester page to extras index
- update "2021 in Review // Hopes for 2022" to use proper markdown/HTML formatting post theme update
- modify "April 2021" to use abbreviated list format
- fix minor errors in "PSA: dated Feb. 2024" (missing end </em> tag)
- update description in tags index
- add alternative archive template code to layouts/archive/list.html
- stage advanced articles partial
- stage two images for deleted OnePlus 6 article

README.md, after:

# NOTICE

The contents of this repository are the copyrighted work of their respective authors and are licensed **as follows**:

- The layout and code here are licensed under the terms of the Apache License 2.0 and are &copy; 2018 Sebastian Lau.

- The [Sam] theme (`/themes/sam`) is licensed under the Apache License 2.0 and is the work of Victoria Drake who __is in no way associated with__ this repository.

- All post content and all media files, including but not limited to documents, images, sound files and video files, are &copy; 2018 Sebastian Lau. *All Rights Reserved.*

- All other content or code used under license or fair use are the property of their respective authors.

A [copy] of the Apache License 2.0 is provided with this repository.

    Copyright 2018 Sebastian Lau (layout, code)
    Copyright 2018-2022 Victoria Drake (Sam theme)

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

You may __view__ the contents of this repository but may __not reuse__ them.

The `sebastianlau` folder is licensed under its own terms; see the folder for details.

[Sam]: https://github.com/victoriadrake/hugo-theme-sam
[copy]: ./LICENSE
