content/about/_index.md, before:

---
title: "About"
date: 2018-05-22T16:28:00+12:00
---

Hi, It's me. Who the hell is this ___me___ person being referred to?

My name is Sebastian Lau.

I am currently studying a conjoint degree in Computer Science and Linguistics at the University of Auckland.

<!-- I write stories, intend to start a company and occasionally take decent photographs. -->

<!-- I write stories, stream games and occasionally take decent photographs. -->

I occasionally write stories, take naps, and stream games.

I have quite a few personal projects that I'm working on at various times. They cover various areas such as operating systems, worldbuilding, card games, and constructed languages. None of them are complete, you can see posts on any of them [here](/tags/projects).

<!-- I am working on my worldbuilding project titled _New Horizons_. New Horizons is about the stories of individuals, their struggles and tribulations. It aims to capture the stories of life rather than stories as presented in television and film. See the [announcement](/posts/new-horizons). -->

<!-- My tentatively titled company _The Dreamers Club_ is currently on-hold. This is because I both lack the expertise required for many of my aspirations and am uncertain about how to launch the company. See its [mission](#). -->

<!-- My tentatively titled company _The Dreamers Club_ is currently on-hold. This is because I both lack the expertise required for many of my aspirations and am uncertain about how to launch the company. See its [mission](/posts/the-dreamers-club). -->

<!-- To any interested party, I have experience with a few programming languages acquired through various activities. C++ was my first language and acquired through a high school club and participation in informatics. Although Rust has been a long-time interest, it has often been neglected in lieu of C, Python and Java which I am required to use for university courses. -->

I should mention Jekyll and Hugo, two static site frameworks which I have used for my personal website. Jekyll was used for a previous version of this site whereas Hugo is currently powering this website.

The purpose of this site is to share things that I consider personal and would normally not share, such as my stories, ideas, thoughts and hobbies as well as completely random things.

As I am normally reserved with my words, I will be more open and direct with the content on this site, and it will often be in a stream of consciousness. However, you may notice when my itchy editing finger has meddled with the content.

Thank you and hopefully I <!-- _see_ --> :eye: you around my site.

<u>Resume available on request.</u> <sub>(This is not a link. Email me.)</sub>
<!-- [Resume](/docs/2019-01-23-resume-part-time.pdf) && [Cover Letter]() -->

Social Links ([more](/links)):

<!-- * [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/sebastianlau) projects are private. -->
* [GitHub](https://github.com/le-bananafish)
* [Twitch](https://twitch.tv/bananafishrwx)
* [Instagram](https://instagram.com/sebastianlau25)
* [Email](mailto:sebastianlauofficial@gmail.com)

Inquiries are always welcome. Please _do not_ contact my _phone number_ unless you are an employer.

> Why change something that isn't broken? _Because I want to_, and things that _aren't broken_ are __boring__.

Commit message:

Add new post "Maintenance, 2021" + housekeeping
* removed permalink /links for social links
* temporarily wiped /about for pending update
* consolidate tags complaint and rant into rant-and-ramble

content/about/_index.md, after:

---
title: "About"
date: 2018-05-22T16:28:00+12:00
---

Hi, It's me. Who the hell is this ___me___ person being referred to?

My name is Sebastian Lau.

I am currently studying a conjoint degree in Computer Science and Linguistics at the University of Auckland.

> `NB:` Apologies, this section is in serious need of a rewrite, so for the moment, I've stripped it back. If you need to know more or contact me, there are links below.

<!-- I write stories, intend to start a company and occasionally take decent photographs. -->

<!-- I write stories, stream games and occasionally take decent photographs. -->

<!-- I occasionally write stories, take naps, and stream games. -->

<!-- I have quite a few personal projects that I'm working on at various times. They cover various areas such as operating systems, worldbuilding, card games, and constructed languages. None of them are complete, you can see posts on any of them [here](/tags/projects). -->

<!-- I am working on my worldbuilding project titled _New Horizons_. New Horizons is about the stories of individuals, their struggles and tribulations. It aims to capture the stories of life rather than stories as presented in television and film. See the [announcement](/posts/new-horizons). -->

<!-- My tentatively titled company _The Dreamers Club_ is currently on-hold. This is because I both lack the expertise required for many of my aspirations and am uncertain about how to launch the company. See its [mission](#). -->

<!-- My tentatively titled company _The Dreamers Club_ is currently on-hold. This is because I both lack the expertise required for many of my aspirations and am uncertain about how to launch the company. See its [mission](/posts/the-dreamers-club). -->

<!-- To any interested party, I have experience with a few programming languages acquired through various activities. C++ was my first language and acquired through a high school club and participation in informatics. Although Rust has been a long-time interest, it has often been neglected in lieu of C, Python and Java which I am required to use for university courses. -->

<!-- I should mention Jekyll and Hugo, two static site frameworks which I have used for my personal website. Jekyll was used for a previous version of this site whereas Hugo is currently powering this website. -->

<!-- The purpose of this site is to share things that I consider personal and would normally not share, such as my stories, ideas, thoughts and hobbies as well as completely random things. -->

<!-- As I am normally reserved with my words, I will be more open and direct with the content on this site, and it will often be in a stream of consciousness. However, you may notice when my itchy editing finger has meddled with the content. -->

<!-- Thank you and hopefully I :eye: you around my site. -->

<!-- <u>Resume available on request.</u> <sub>(This is not a link. Email me.)</sub> -->
<!-- [Resume](/docs/2019-01-23-resume-part-time.pdf) && [Cover Letter]() -->

Curated Links ([more](https://linktr.ee/sebastianlau)):

<!-- * [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/sebastianlau) projects are private. -->
* [GitHub](https://github.com/le-bananafish)
* [Instagram](https://instagram.com/sebastianlau25)
* [Email](mailto:sebastianlauofficial@gmail.com)
<!-- * [Twitch](https://twitch.tv/bananafishrwx) -->

<!-- Inquiries are always welcome. Please _do not_ contact my _phone number_ unless you are an employer. -->

<!-- > Why change something that isn't broken? _Because I want to_, and things that _aren't broken_ are __boring__. -->
